https://www.ecs.soton.ac.uk/careers/companies/ibm
['', 'https://www.ecs.soton.ac.uk/sites/www.ecs.soton.ac.uk/files/ibm.jpg']
['IBM'][][][]['Download University of Southampton prospectus'][]
From helping transform healthcare to improving the retail shopping experience, it's what IBMers do. Our work and our people can be found in all sorts of interesting places. Mathematicians, coders, and web designers contribute to creativity in the kitchen (Watson!), rerouting traffic jams, even designing the next generation fan experience in sports stadiums around the world. It's the kind of thing we've been doing for more than 100 years. 
Apple. Twitter. Facebook. Hootsuite. Box. These are just a few of the global partners who work with IBM to develop powerful mobile apps and help enterprises make smarter decisions with data analytics and cloud technology.
Are you passionate about developing your skills and building your career with a global leader? This is your opportunity to join a company where you can do work that. World-class learning opportunities, mentoring and a flexible work environment -- you will find a wealth of opportunities within IBM to create the career you’ve always imagined.
We offer 12-month University Placement opportunities and an exciting 12-week Extreme Blue Summer Internship program where you’ll work on high profile projects for our clients. 
First and foremost, it gets you a global leader’s name on your CV. It’s also a year filled with challenges that will stretch your capabilities, give you exposure that will kick start your professional career and along the way you’ll meet truly inspirational people. It’s certainly not easy; we’re successful because we push ourselves hard. After all, we’re a huge business, where complex work is going on everywhere you look (and we’ll encourage you to explore). But, if you’re insatiably curious, passionate about innovation and eager to get into the world of big business, there’s nothing like it.  
Our graduate scheme will give you everything you need to build the kind of career you want; Challenging projects, real responsibility, world class opportunities and exceptional training and development, from an organisation that has been continually growing for 100 years. Here you’ll be able to collaborate with people who are open-minded and excited about the same things you are. You’ll be in an environment that cultivates creativity and individual differences and rewards your best work. We nurture a way of working that rewards diverse thinking and bold ideas all within a flexible working environment.
We look for eight specific competencies: Adaptability, Communication, Client Focus, Creative Problem Solving, Drive, Teamwork, Passion for IBM and Taking Ownership. Whilst you don’t need a specific degree background to apply, you do need to be enthusiastic, with plenty of energy and passion for the areas of business that you’re applying for. Don’t worry; if you haven’t studied business or IT, IBM are all about the person, not about their background. 
Visit our recruitment site to find out more about IBM and our career opportunities: www-05.ibm.com/employment/uk/
Download a PDF of our prospectus or order a printed copy to be delivered to your door.

